[runtime-security] Generate SECL documentation (#8702)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/cloud-workload-security/scripts/templates/backend.md

---
title: Cloud Workload Security (CWS) Events
kind: documentation
description: JSON schema documentation of the CWS backend event
disable_edit: true
---

> After detecting suspicious activity matching the agent expressions, the Agent will send a log
> to the backend containing a `CWS event`.
> 
> This event is used to build signals and its fields can be used to build filters in the web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When activity matches a CWS agent expression, a CWS log will be collected from the system containing all the relevant context about the activity.

This log is sent to Datadog, where it is analyzed. Based on analysis, CWS logs can trigger Security Signals to fire, or they can simply be stored as logs for audit, investigation, or threat hunting purposes.
```

> The CWS event sent to the backend by the Agent respects the following JSON schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CWS logs have the following JSON schema:
```
